https://github.com/mdhami6/Assignment1/blob/main/algorithm_mdhami6.txt

Main Program
The purpose of this program is to take the date YYYYMMDD in a variety of different formats and return the date in MMM DD, YYYY. 
First the program will have to be cleaned up and remove any extra characters, then pass through a few checking scripts to confirm that the date is an acceptable input. 
After it is cross referenced to make sure each part of the date falls under a correct range and then confirms whether or not it is a leap year. 
After everything has been checked and confirmed as either True of False the program will commence taking the acceptable input and converting it to the newly formatted date. 
We then print the formatted date for the user. 

leap_year() The function will take in the year input from sanitize() if the year is divisible by 4 with no remainder
it returns True otherwise any remainder returns False. If the year falls under a lear year the function will return False, otherwise will return True.

range_check() The function will take the entire date from sanitize and will check to see if the dates for each YYYY, MM and DD fall inside of the range. 
It checks for each day, month and year separately taking into consideration which month is being used for the amount of days. Also adds 1 so it falls inside the command.
For example there can be no thirteenth month, or thirty-second day.

sanitize() The function will take the date input from the user and remove all special characters using isalnum() to confirm only numbers and characters are used. 
Then it confirms that only numbers are used with isdigit().

size_check() The function will compare the size of the inputted date with the size expected for the integer value, 
such as year, month or day and return either True if the input is correct, or False if the input is incorrect.

usage() The function will take return a string showing the usage of this script. The string shows the type of acceptable input.





